This is a repository with the csv file containing data from posts from the "personality type tests" trend from r/mbti, and additional files and programs that helped with creating or analyzing it. Most of this repo is copied from or based on my [previous project](https://github.com/KomornikBank/mbti_ship_chart), where I cataloged data from the "shipping chart" trend. Below I have written the descriptions and additional information about the files in the repo. Please keep in mind that the python programs use pandas, and won't work without it.

* **tests_results.csv** - The file containing all the collected data. Every row is the data from an individual post. The first column contains the personality type of the post author. If the author was unsure about what personality type they were, the type was marked as "XXXX". The other 16 columns contain their results for every personality test. If a test wasn't featured in the post, it was marked as "XXXX". If there were multiple results from the same test attached to the post, they were all placed in the same cell, divided by the ";" symbol.
* **data_analysis_program.py** - This is the program I have made to sum up and visualize some of the data. It prints out the table of all the tests with their accuracies, how many times each test was featured in a post and how many times each personality type made a post. If you're having trouble with loading or analyzing the data yourself, try looking through this file for clues on how to solve your problem.
* **csv_creation_program.py** - I've used this program to easily append the data of the posts to the csv file. It does not have a use anymore, though I've chosen to leave it in, in case it becomes useful to someone in the future.
* **tests_results_backup_base.csv** - A copy of the csv file that I started with, since *csv_creation_program.py* needs at least the headers to start working. I left it in for the aforementioned program.
